hey guys it's me plum do a quick review
of my new helmet that I got for my
motorcycle I knew bill vortex helmet
just got in today pretty excited about
it so on go ahead and crack it open do
what customers review as opposed to a
store of you as the most you ever seen
it's not first time actually talking on
camera so i do apologize but it's pretty
cool here receipt the knife away and
it's a special edition I guess artist d
version so it's like the 12 bit on the
box actually pretty cool I've never had
a helmet before alright so this is a
comment bag here of course it has the
nice design for roland sands design
everyone everyone's seen already to
reviews from sportbiketrackgear.com it's
more exhaust vents cool you know nice
fog-free advisor just a quick overlook
of it I'll probably put on in and do a
little bit riding for you guys and show
you guys that you guys know how the fit
is now the feel is of it right now so
cut the video now and I'll get back to
you okay hey guys i'm here to show you a
little bit more about how the airflow is
i'll let you guys know how it works
real world life test let's go
night so I wasn't able to get as much
speed on the bike as I thought to get
the air flow going but it's nonetheless
it's a pretty good helmet you know and
when I do get a chance to ride it out do
an update video but for now thanks for
watching and vote or subscribe thanks